Has television influenced your leisure time over the years?
How is it? Not a great deal, no, because, you know, we came from a family that really,
as I think I pointed out too, when you first phone, you know, television was not the main
thing as you see when we pointed to some friends, that's a great big thing stuff on the wall.
When I was always discreetly putting the car on the be-h- earnest, I was a very nice veneered
cabinet, didn't it, a wall with doors, and for some reason everyone used to cover them
with cloths in those days, why was that?
What?
What my friend Mavis was telling me yesterday when I was saying you were coming, her mum
always used to put a big cloth over the television at night and my mother too, whether they felt
that it would keep the picture clear or whether to keep the rays away, and at one time we
never told not to sit within three or four metres of televisions, weren't we, but I don't
know if that warning still exists, we never hear of it now, do we? Usually the engineers
used to advise where to put it and where the seats were when we had one, but no one's mentioned
that lately, have they?
Thank you.